**MALL CUSTOMER PROJECT**
*Malls or shopping complexes are often indulged in the race to increase their customers and hence making huge profits. To achieve this task machine learning is being applied by many stores already*.
1)**EXPLORATORY DATA ANALYSIS**
*Exploratory data analysis is the analysis of the data and brings out the insights. It’s storytelling, a story which data is trying to tell. EDA is an approach to analyse the data with the help of various tools and graphical techniques like barplot, histogram etc.There are many libraries available in python like pandas, NumPy, matplotlib, seaborn etc. with the help of those we can do the analysis of the data and bring out helpful insights. I will be using Google Colab Notebook along with these libraries*.
2)**DATA CLEANING**
*Data cleaning is the process of fixing or removing incorrect, corrupted, incorrectly formatted, duplicate, or incomplete data within a dataset. When combining multiple data sources, there are many opportunities for data to be duplicated or mislabeled. If data is incorrect, outcomes and algorithms are unreliable, even though they may look correct. There is no one absolute way to prescribe the exact steps in the data cleaning process because the processes will vary from dataset to dataset. But it is important to establish a template for your data cleaning process so you know you are doing it the right way every time*.
3)**SPLIT YOUR DATA WITH 80-20%%**
*The most common split ratio is 80:20. That is 80% of the dataset goes into the training set and 20% of the dataset goes into the testing set. Before splitting the data, make sure that the dataset is large enough. Train/Test split works well with large datasets.The train-test split procedure is used to estimate the performance of machine learning algorithms when they are used to make predictions on data not used to train the model.
It is a fast and easy procedure to perform, the results of which allow you to compare the performance of machine learning algorithms for your predictive modeling problem. Although simple to use and interpret, there are times when the procedure should not be used, such as when you have a small dataset and situations where additional configuration is required, such as when it is used for classification and the dataset is not balanced*.
**MACHINE LEARNING MODELS**
*Machine learning (ML) is a type of artificial intelligence (AI) that allows software applications to become more accurate at predicting outcomes without being explicitly programmed to do so. Machine learning algorithms use historical data as input to predict new output values.
DECISION TREE:
A decision tree is a flowchart-like tree structure where an internal node represents feature(or attribute), the branch represents a decision rule, and each leaf node represents the outcome. The topmost node in a decision tree is known as the root node. It learns to partition on the basis of the attribute value. It partitions the tree in recursively manner call recursive partitioning. 
*K-NEAREST NEIGHBOUR*:
*K-Nearest Neighbors, or KNN for short, is one of the simplest machine learning algorithms and is used in a wide array of institutions. KNN is a non-parametric, lazy learning algorithm. When we say a technique is non-parametric, it means that it does not make any assumptions about the underlying data. In other words, it makes its selection based off of the proximity to other data points regardless of what feature the numerical values represent. Being a lazy learning algorithm implies that there is little to no training phase. Therefore, we can immediately classify new data points as they present themselves*.
*K-MEANS*:
*Kmeans Algorithm is an Iterative algorithm that divides a group of n datasets into k subgroups /clusters based on the similarity and their mean distance from the centroid of that particular subgroup/ formed.
K, here is the pre-defined number of clusters to be formed by the Algorithm. If K=3, It means the number of clusters to be formed from the dataset is 3*

